[Documentation] Add 10.2 release notes for Kotlin support. (#4101)
xamarin/xamarin-android: Documentation/release-notes/4054.md

## Support for Binding Kotlin Libraries

This release adds better support for creating bindings for Kotlin libraries, including:

* Hiding Kotlin `internal` types and members
* Using Kotlin provided metadata to properly name method parameters
* Hiding Kotlin generated methods like `foo-impl` that aren't intended for public use

> * Restoring Kotlin-mangled method names to their original name (ie: `foo-V5j3Lk8` -> `foo`)

Reviewer: Just for me to get ahead of the game with putting the notes in the final docs style (I learned today that "[i.e.](https://docs.microsoft.com/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/i/ie)" and "[e.g.](https://docs.microsoft.com/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/e/eg)" are apparently discouraged):

```suggestion
* Restoring Kotlin-mangled method names to their original names, such as changing `foo-V5j3Lk8` back to `foo`
```

> * Adding support for Kotlin's native unsigned types (UInt, ULong, UShort, UByte)

Reviewer: I think these bullet points are excellent, by the way. Interesting and clear info.

Although it was technically possible to bind a Kotlin library previously, these changes

> greatly reduce the amount of custom `metadata.xml` needed to produce expected bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
greatly reduce the number of custom rules needed in the *Transforms\\Metadata.xml* file to produce expected bindings.
```

(Somewhat off-topic, just in case you might wonder, I've been using backslashes in paths by default in the release notes because even on macOS, items in the `.csproj` file will often use backslashes. I'd be fine with changing that default, especially if something else will work better as more authors start to submit release notes.)

No additional steps are needed to enable this.  The binding process will detect if a `.jar`
was produced from Kotlin and will apply the needed fixes.

```
Important: 

Some of these changes required additional support in `Java.Interop.dll`.  This means that
Kotlin libraries bound with Xamarin.Android 10.2 are not compatible with previous 
versions of Xamarin.Android.  Compiling and packaging your application on Xamarin.Android 10.2+
will be required to consume these Kotlin libraries.

> ```

Reviewer: If it won't mess up the technical accuracy, maybe something like:

```diff
-Some of these changes required additional support in `Java.Interop.dll`.  This means that
-Kotlin libraries bound with Xamarin.Android 10.2 are not compatible with previous 
-versions of Xamarin.Android.  Compiling and packaging your application on Xamarin.Android 10.2+
-will be required to consume these Kotlin libraries.
+Some of these changes required adding new APIs to `Java.Interop.dll`.  This means that
+like the binding projects themselves, Xamarin.Android application projects that
+consume one of these new Kotlin library bindings must also be built using
+Xamarin.Android 10.2 or higher.
```
